README.md, before:

# Collin R Smith
A list of projects I have worked on.

## Personal projects

- [Applying Elo Ratings to the American Ultimate Disc League (AUDL)](../../../audl-elo)

  Inspired by an article on [FiveThirtyEight](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/complete-history-of-the-nba), I apply the [Elo rating system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elo_rating_system) to the AUDL, a professional ultimate league created in 2012.

  This project involves web scraping, application of a statistical model, data analysis and data visualization. I have utilized the data model created in this project to win two weekly competitions on [AUDL Pick'Em](http://audlpicks.com) and am currently the overall leader.

## DataQuest Projects

These are guided projects that I have worked on through the [DataQuest](http://www.dataquest.io) platform. I have earned a [Data Analyst Certificate](https://www.dataquest.io/view_cert/GZELEICN10D6CCSNON26/) through this platform and am working on the Data Science certificate.

- [Answering Business Questions Using SQL](../../../dataquest-projects/blob/master/Guided%20Projects/Answering%20Business%20Questions%20Using%20SQL/Basics.ipynb)

  Intermediate SQL project. Write complex queries to explore the Chinook Database, create visualizations based on the queries, and gain   insight into the ficticious music store.

- [Designing and Creating a Database](../../../dataquest-projects/blob/master/Guided%20Projects/Designing%20and%20Creating%20a%20Database/Basics.ipynb)

    Intermediate SQL project. Using data on major league baseball from [Retrosheet](http://www.retrosheet.org/) create a manageable, normalized SQL database of all games from 1871-2016.

- [Predicting Car Prices](../../../dataquest-projects/blob/master/Guided%20Projects/Predicting%20Car%20Prices/Predicting%20Car%20Prices.ipynb)

  Machine Learning Fundamentals project. Train and test K-Nearest Neighbors models on a data set of car features to predict price.

- [Analyzing CIA Factbook Data Using SQLite and Python](../../../dataquest-projects/blob/master/Guided%20Projects/Analyzing%20CIA%20Factbook%20Data%20Using%20SQLite%20and%20Python/Analyzing%20CIA%20Factbook%20Data%20Using%20SQLite%20and%20Python.ipynb)

  Introduction to SQL project. Use python to query an SQLite database containing data from the CIA World Factbook.

Commit message:

Add link to full list of DQ projects.

README.md, after:

# Collin R Smith
A list of projects I have worked on.

## Personal projects

- [Applying Elo Ratings to the American Ultimate Disc League (AUDL)](../../../audl-elo)

  Inspired by an article on [FiveThirtyEight](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/complete-history-of-the-nba), I apply the [Elo rating system](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Elo_rating_system) to the AUDL, a professional ultimate league created in 2012.

  This project involves web scraping, application of a statistical model, data analysis and data visualization. I have utilized the data model created in this project to win two weekly competitions on [AUDL Pick'Em](http://audlpicks.com) and came in second overall for the 2017 overall competition.

## DataQuest Projects

These are select guided projects that I have worked on through the [DataQuest](http://www.dataquest.io) platform. I have earned a [Data Analyst Certificate](https://www.dataquest.io/view_cert/GZELEICN10D6CCSNON26/) through this platform and am working on the Data Science certificate. A full list of the projects I have completed can be seen [here](../../../dataquest-projects/blob/master/README.md).

- [Answering Business Questions Using SQL](../../../dataquest-projects/blob/master/Guided%20Projects/Answering%20Business%20Questions%20Using%20SQL/Basics.ipynb)

  Intermediate SQL project. Write complex queries to explore the Chinook Database, create visualizations based on the queries, and gain   insight into the ficticious music store.

- [Designing and Creating a Database](../../../dataquest-projects/blob/master/Guided%20Projects/Designing%20and%20Creating%20a%20Database/Basics.ipynb)

    Intermediate SQL project. Using data on major league baseball from [Retrosheet](http://www.retrosheet.org/) create a manageable, normalized SQL database of all games from 1871-2016.

- [Predicting Car Prices](../../../dataquest-projects/blob/master/Guided%20Projects/Predicting%20Car%20Prices/Predicting%20Car%20Prices.ipynb)

  Machine Learning Fundamentals project. Train and test K-Nearest Neighbors models on a data set of car features to predict price.

- [Analyzing CIA Factbook Data Using SQLite and Python](../../../dataquest-projects/blob/master/Guided%20Projects/Analyzing%20CIA%20Factbook%20Data%20Using%20SQLite%20and%20Python/Analyzing%20CIA%20Factbook%20Data%20Using%20SQLite%20and%20Python.ipynb)

  Introduction to SQL project. Use python to query an SQLite database containing data from the CIA World Factbook.
